docs: Add search() docs (#3251)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/usability.rst

.. _ref_usability_features:

Usability features
==================

API search
----------

> :ref:`API search <ref_search>` allows to search for a word through the Fluent's object hierarchy. It provides results
> based on the supported features like semantic matching, wildcard pattern matching, whole word matching and misspelled
> word correction matching. Semantic search is the default. For semantic search the default is ``eng`` for English. For
> the list of supported languages, see `OMW Version 1 <https://omwn.org/omw1.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`API search <ref_search>` allows you to search for a word throughout Fluent's object hierarchy. It provides results
based on supported features, including semantic matching, wildcard pattern matching, whole word matching, and misspelled
word correction. Semantic search is the default, with English (``eng``) as the default language. For
a list of supported languages, see `OMW Version 1 <https://omwn.org/omw1.html>`_.
```

Author: Done. Thank you.
